[Docs] Add broker additional servlet configuration (#11590)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/reference-configuration.md

|haProxyProtocolEnabled | Enable or disable the [HAProxy](http://www.haproxy.org/) protocol. |false|
| maxTopicsPerNamespace | The maximum number of persistent topics that can be created in the namespace. When the number of topics reaches this threshold, the broker rejects the request of creating a new topic, including the auto-created topics by the producer or consumer, until the number of connected consumers decreases. The default value 0 disables the check. | 0 |
|subscriptionTypesEnabled| Enable all subscription types, which are exclusive, shared, failover, and key_shared. | Exclusive, Shared, Failover, Key_Shared |

> | managedLedgerInfoCompressionType | ManagedLedgerInfo compression type, option values (NONE, LZ4, ZLIB, ZSTD, SNAPPY), if value is NONE or invalid, the managedLedgerInfo will not be compressed. Notice, after enable this configuration, if you want to degrade broker, you should change the configuration to `NONE` and make sure all ledger metadata are saved without compression. | None |
> | additionalServlets | The additional servlet name, multiple additionalServlets are separated by commas. For example: additionalServlet_1, additionalServlet_2 | N/A |
> | additionalServletDirectory | Location of broker additional servlet NAR Directory | ./brokerAdditionalServlet |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| managedLedgerInfoCompressionType | Compression type of managed ledger information. <br><br>Available options are `NONE`, `LZ4`, `ZLIB`, `ZSTD`, and `SNAPPY`). <br><br>If this value is `NONE` or invalid, the `managedLedgerInfo` is not compressed. <br><br>**Note** that after enabling this configuration, if you want to degrade a broker, you need to change the value to `NONE` and make sure all ledger metadata is saved without compression. | None |
| additionalServlets | Additional servlet name. <br><br>If you have multiple additional servlets, separate them by commas. <br><br>For example, additionalServlet_1, additionalServlet_2 | N/A |
| additionalServletDirectory | Location of broker additional servlet NAR directory | ./brokerAdditionalServlet |
```

Reviewer: Do you want to mean this?

Author: Right, but in `managedLedgerInfoCompressionType `, I see a markdown syntax error，just changed the `/` to `|` .
